Cmake build system 2 (#159)
kokkos/kokkos-tools: Build.md

# How to Build 

# With Cmake  

1. Create your build directory and go to it

2. Type `ccmake ..`  and change any options, including tools you want turned on  (some are by default off).  (Optional)

3. Type `cmake ..` 

4. Type `make` 

> 5. Specify the generated .dylib file in the environment variable KOKKOS_TOOLS_LIBRARY when running your Kokkos-based application. 

Reviewer: You only get `*dylib` files for `Mac`, right?

```suggestion
5. Specify the generated shared library in the environment variable KOKKOS_TOOLS_LIBRARY when running your Kokkos-based application. 
```

# With Makefile (recommended)

1. Go into the directory of the particular tool, e.g., `cd debugging/kernel_logger`

2. Type `make` 

> 3. Specify the generated .so file in the environment variable KOKKOS_TOOLS_LIBRARY when running your Kokkos-based application. 

Reviewer: Step 3 should be the same for both setups.
